Improve log injection doc (#437)
signalfx/signalfx-dotnet-tracing: docs/correlating-traces-with-logs.md

- Versions: 1.0.0 ≤ 2.*.*

Supported layouts:

- JSON format: `SerializedLayout` (from the `log4net.Ext.Json` NuGet package)
- Raw format: `PatternLayout`

When using the `SerializedLayout` you can add all contextual properties

> by adding `properties` member as following:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
by adding the `properties` member as following:
```

```xml
<layout type='log4net.Layout.SerializedLayout, log4net.Ext.Json'>
  <!-- existing configuration -->
  <member value='properties'/> <!-- addition -->
</layout>
```

You can also add the context fields explicitly. For example:

```xml
<layout type='log4net.Layout.SerializedLayout, log4net.Ext.Json'>
  <!-- existing configuration -->
  <member value='trace_id' />
  <member value='span_id' />
  <member value='service.name' />
  <member value='service.version' />
  <member value='deployment.environment' />
</layout>
```

> When using the `PatternLayout` you have to add the context fields manually
> and their values must be wrapped in quotation marks. For example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When using the `PatternLayout`, add the context fields manually. 
Values must be wrapped in quotation marks. For example:
```

```xml
<layout type="log4net.Layout.PatternLayout">
    <conversionPattern value="%date [%thread] %level %logger {trace_id=&quot;%property{trace_id}&quot;, span_id=&quot;%property{span_id}&quot;, service.name=&quot;%property{service.name}&quot;, service.version=&quot;%property{service.version}&quot;, deployment.environment=&quot;%property{deployment.environment}&quot;} - %message%newline" />
</layout>
```

Find samples here: [Log4NetExample](../tracer/samples/AutomaticTraceIdInjection/Log4NetExample).

### NLog

- Versions: 1.0.0.505 ≤ 4.*.*

Supported layouts:

- JSON format: `JsonLayout`
- Raw format: custom layout

When using `JsonLayout` and `NLog` version is at least 4.4.10,
you can add all contextual properties

> by setting the attribute `includeMdlc` to `true` as following:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
by setting the attribute `includeMdlc` to `true`. For example:
```

```xml
<layout xsi:type="JsonLayout" includeMdlc="true"> <!-- includeMdlc property available in NLog 4.4.10+ -->
  <!-- existing configuration -->
</layout>
```

You can also add the context fields explicitly. For example:

```xml
<layout xsi:type="JsonLayout">
  <!-- existing configuration -->
  <attribute name="trace_id" layout="${mdc:item=trace_id}"/>
  <attribute name="span_id" layout="${mdc:item=span_id}"/>    
  <attribute name="service.name" layout="${mdc:item=service.name}"/>
  <attribute name="service.version" layout="${mdc:item=service.version}"/>
  <attribute name="deployment.environment" layout="${mdc:item=deployment.environment}"/>
</layout>
```

> When using the custom layout you have to add the context fields manually
> and their values must be wrapped in quotation marks. For example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When using the custom layout, add the context fields manually.
Values must be wrapped in quotation marks. For example:
```

- Versions: 2.0.0 ≤ 6.*.*

Supported layouts:

- JSON format: `json`
  (from the `NetEscapades.Extensions.Logging.RollingFile` NuGet package)

When using `NetEscapades.Extensions.Logging.RollingFile`
you have to enable the `IncludeScopes` option and use the `json` formatter. For example:

```csharp
Host.ConfigureLogging(builder => 
    builder.AddFile(opts =>
    {
        opts.FileName = "logs";
        opts.Extension = "json";
        opts.FormatterName = "json"; // supported formatter
        opts.IncludeScopes = true; // addition
    })
);
```

> It is worth the notice, that the log correlation also works if `ILogger` wrapps
> any other supported logger.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Log correlation also works when`ILogger` is wrapping
any of the other supported loggers.
```
